second readme update (#3)
nathanshammah/covid-vaccini-tweet: README.md

# covid-vaccini-tweet

> Daily tweets on Covid vaccines in Italy from the official data found at https://github.com/italia/covid19-opendata-vaccini.

Author: ```suggestion
Daily tweets on Covid vaccine distribution in Italy from the official data found at https://github.com/italia/covid19-opendata-vaccini.
```
